"Presentation Documents"
"October 20: Life Has Its Ups and Bears"
Ouch!
Thank you for this food I'm about to eat!
Let's go to work!
Good morning!
Morning.
Futaba-chan?
Good morning, Sakurai-san!
Whenever I see them, it makes me
wish mine were bigger...
Hmm?
N-No, it's nothing...
Hey, your eyes look a little bloodshot.
I stayed up late last night thinking
about today's presentation.
You did?
"Episode 1: Each Other's Stride"
You certainly are enthusiastic about work.
I want to become a full-fledged
salesperson as quickly as I can.
"Itomaki Trading Inc. Employee ID
Igarashi Futaba, Sales & Planning Dept."
Good morning!
Morning.
Good morning, Kazama-san!
Morning, Kazama-kun.
Hey.
Good morning, Chief!
Morning. Igarashi-chan, you're always
so chipper. What a fine attitude!
Yo, Igarashi!
T-Takeda-senpai?! You scared me half
to death! Your voice is much too loud!
I wanted to give as hearty
a greeting as you do, Igarashi.
What are you doing competing
with your kouhai?!
Senpai, would you please check
these presentation documents?
Sure!
Takeda-senpai has a big voice...
...and a body to match.
Looks great! Well done!
Don't tousle my hair!
I'm a full-grown adult, you know?
It's not funny!
My bad, my bad.
You did such a great job on
those presentation documents.
I couldn't resist.
"Presentation Documents"
My senpai is a big guy
and a little... annoying.
Honestly...
He's so quick to tousle my hair
and treat me like a kid.
But...
...he did tell me I did a great job.
Dobroye utro!
Tsu-Tsukishiro-san!
Don't sneak up behind me like that!
Sorry about that. You having coffee?
Yes. It's what adults drink
in the morning.
It's bitter, so I add
a little extra sugar.
I see.
Would you like some, too?
No thanks. What I drink
in the morning... is this.
H-Hold on there, Tsukishiro-san!
You shouldn't be drinking vodka at work.
It may be in a vodka bottle,
but it's actually water.
See you later.
She certainly is strange...
All right. I'm going out
to make some sales calls.
I'm going, too!
Be careful out there!
Hey, Senpai, aren't you
walking a little slowly?
You think so?
I keep telling you that you don't have
to adjust your pace to match mine.
I'm not.
What's wrong with walking
a little slowly, anyway?
In sales, speed is of the essence.
Now pick up the pace!
All right.
Are you going to get something to drink?
No, I was just thinking that
it doesn't have oshiruko.
Not all vending machines have it.
I see.
Why don't we get ourselves some lunch?
Igarashi, what are you in the mood for?
We're always going to
the places I want to eat at.
Let's go somewhere you
want to eat at for a change.
I'm fine with whatever!
People who say that are the worst.
Okay, how about...
Hi, can I take your order?
I'll have five Jaja King Burgers
and three orders of fries.
Anything else?
Igarashi?
"Ends Today!!"
What's this? I love how you can't tell
where it's looking. It's so adorable...
But I can't order a Lucky Meal.
I'm with Takeda-senpai right now...
All right, one Lucky Meal.
And give her one of those dolls.
It looks like she wants one.
Coming right up!
Don't laugh so much!
Sorry, sorry. You okay?
Of course I am.
I thought this might happen,
so I spread a handkerchief on my lap.
I'm in my second year at the company,
so I know how to manage a crisis!
Really?
Igarashi, do you want
to give today's presentation?
You prepared the documents,
so you know what's in them.
If you feel like giving it--
I do! Please, let me handle it!
Okay, it's in your hands now.
It's my second year working for the
company, and now the day has finally come!
If I give this presentation,
and it leads to a contract,
then I'll be a full-fledged salesperson!
I'll show them I can do this!
Uh-oh... I'm starting to get nervous...
Wh-Wh-What should I do?
Thank you for taking the time
to meet with us today.
We at Itomaki Trading present this
proposal with our utmost confidence.
We hope you will give it
your consideration.
Break a leg.
All right, then. Please allow me,
Igarashi, to present our proposal to you.
Yes! It's over!
You did great back there!
Excellent work!
I. Told. You. Not to tousle my hair!
But your hair is so easy to tousle.
You've got some grip!
Hey, get a load of those two!
What are you doing?
W-Wait, Kazama-san?
What are you doing here?
You done making your rounds?
Yes, I'm just about to
head back to the office.
Okay, let's go together, then.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I hear their food's pretty good.
Maybe I should go there sometime.
Why am I not surprised? She's been
working so hard on not enough sleep.
She's chewing on her hair.
She's sound asleep.
Do you want me to wake her?
No, that's okay.
Let's let her get some rest.
Takeda-san, may I?
"Takeda & Igarashi: Sales Calls""
Oh, Igarashi-san's back.
That's so adorable!
Isn't it?
Look who's back!
Sakurai-san.
Did you have a nice nap,
Futaba the kitten?
"The kitten"?
This is just too cute!
Wh-What's that?!
"Igarashi-chan's asleep."
"Oh, how adorable!"
Kazama-san, do you have any last words?
C-Calm down, Igarashi--
Divine wrath!
I gave the presentation all by myself,
so now I'm a full-fledged salesperson.
"Da-ding!"
"Grandpa: How are you?"
"Great. Today I climbed up a step
on the stairs of adulthood."
"Stairs of adulthood!?"
"What happened!?"
"Who's the bastard!"
"I mean, the lucky guy?"
"Can I call you?"
What are you going on about, Grandpa?
Oh, who cares?
I'm going to take a bath.
Maki Textiles called and said they
received the wrong number of items.
They suspect it was
a miscommunication on our end.
That can't be!
I'm sure I placed the order with the
manufacturer following their instructions.
What's the matter?
The numbers in the purchase order
are off a line.
Takeda-kun, did you check this?
No, I...
I placed the order
without checking it with him.
I thought I had to hurry...
You must always check these things.
I'm sorry! This happened
because of my negligence!
--Yeah, and then...
--Okay, would you take care
of that for me?
Senpai, I'm so sor--
I'm not the one
you should be apologizing to.
We're going to see the client!
O-Okay!
Please accept our apologies!
Please... Please accept
our sincerest apologies!
It's all my fault...
What's wrong with Futaba-chan?
I heard she had some
trouble with a client.
Futaba-chan, are you all right?
I'm fine. Sorry if I made you worry.
I think I'll have some oshiruko.
It's sold out...
Oh, there you are!
Senpai...
Igarashi, catch!
Oshiruko?
Don't worry too much.
It's so sweet.
I'm taking off now!
See you tomorrow!
Futaba-chan?
Why don't we go out and have a little fun?
You deserve a break.
But...
Go with her.
Breaks are important, you know?
How about we go to an arcade?
That's a great idea! The more the
merrier... Let's go, Futaba-chan!
Okay. Thanks for inviting me.
Thanks for inviting me out tonight.
No problem. See you tomorrow!
See you!
Okay, good night.
I made them worry...
H-Hold on! Where's my commuter pass?
Oh, I left it at the office.
I-I'm not scared... I'm not
scared because I'm an adult...
Hey...
This is the first time I've ever seen
Takeda-senpai asleep at his desk.
This is the purchase order I messed up...
Why... Why are you being
so nice to a kouhai like me?
I fell asleep.
"Green Tea"
"You're working too hard.'"
Igarashi was here?
I left the purchase order out
on my desk. She must've seen it.
Huh?
"Thanks. I'll buy you a bowl of udon."
Hello. This is Itomaki Trading.
Yes... Yes, hold on...
Senpai! How's this estimate?
Yes... I see...
I'm glad. It's better when
Futaba-chan's her chipper self.
Yeah, you're right.
"Sweet Oshiruko"
Please look it over once more!
Isn't this a great idea?
Not only did you rectify the error,
you proposed a new sales plan.
We really appreciate that.
Let's proceed with this.
Thank you so much!
The client was really pleased.
Isn't that great?
Igarashi?
I-I'm so sorry for all
the trouble I caused!
I still have a long way to go before
I'll be a full-fledged salesperson.
Relax. Don't worry about it.
You made up for your mistake, didn't you?
You did a great job.
It's not fair of you to say that now.
Let me buy you a bowl of udon.
While I like a good bowl of udon...
...nothing beats raising our glasses
in a toast to a job well-done!
Tonight I'm buying! Igarashi,
order whatever you feel like!
No! I was the one who got us into trouble.
I can't let you treat me to this, Senpai.
But in the end, we got the contract,
so does it really make a difference?
Yes, it does!
You're my kouhai, so let me treat you.
What'll you have?
For starters...
We'll have some beer!
That hit the spot!
Honeshtly! I can't believe I made
shuch a shimple mishtake.
I'm sho dishappointed in me.
Hey, Shenpai! It'sh not fun--
Aw, go ahead and laugh!
Chew me out for making
shuch a stupid mishtake...
...in spite of having two yearsh
of shales experience!
I'm not going to chew you out.
Messing up may have got you down,
but you worked hard and followed through.
You'll make a good salesperson.
What? Why...
Why are you being
so nice to a kouhai like me?
Shenpai!
Sh-Shenpai...
Shenpai, you must really like me!
Yeah, of course I like you.
Huh?
If I had a wife and kid,
I'd want that kid to be like you.
What'sh that shupposed to mean?
Sorry, sorry. For some reason
I feel like looking after you.
...fe?
What'd you say?
Why couldn't I be your wife?
Wh-Wh-Wh-What the heck am I saying?!
"October 24: Bear Advisory in Effect"
What should I do? What should I do?
"Illustration: Yomu"